LAST TIME ON...
GLAD YOU COULD
MAKE IT, ASTER.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
SARTORIUS--
JUST THE MAN I
WAS LOOKING FOR!
SURPRISED?
PREDICTING THE FUTURE
IS MY SPECIALTY.
DID YOU PREDICT
I'D BRING THIS?
IT'S PLASMA--
THE CARD
MY FATHER DESIGNED!
THERE WAS SOMETHING
EVIL INSIDE THAT CARD--
THE LIGHT
OF DESTRUCTION!
WITH YOUR KEY,
THE WHOLE WORLD WILL
SOON SEE THE LIGHT!
SO JUST HAND IT OVER.
Jaden: ASTER, NO!
YOU CAN'T GO THROUGH
WITH THIS, BRO!
THINK! IF HE GETS HIS HANDS
ON BOTH OF OUR KEYS,
THEN HE'LL BE ABLE TO
ACTIVATE THAT SATELLITE!
BUT I PROMISED HIM.
YOU PROMISED
HIM WHAT?
THAT IF ANYTHING
HAPPENED TO SARTORIUS,
I'D SAVE HIM.
SO NOW WHAT?
WE DUEL!
WINNER GETS THE KEY!
ASTER! YOU CAN'T!
AAH!
ASTER!
Sartorius, thinking:
POOR ASTER.
YOU'D SURRENDER YOUR KEY
NOW IF YOU KNEW WHAT I
HAD IN STORE FOR YOU.
NO ONE CAN DEFEAT
THE LIGHT!
[ALL GASPING]
[SARTORIUS LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
♪♪
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
Sartorius: ONE MORE ROUND,
AND THAT KEY IS MINE.
Aster: YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING, SARTORIUS!
THE SARTORIUS YOU
KNEW IS LONG GONE.
Aster, thinking:
WHEN WE WERE KIDS,
I PROMISED TO SAVE HIM,
AND I'M NOT
GONNA GIVE UP!
SOMEWHERE UNDER THAT
EVIL MASK IS MY FRIEND!
[CHUCKLING]
ASTER, YOUR EYES
BETRAY YOU.
THEY TELL ME YOU'RE
LOSING HOPE
AND THAT YOU'RE
BEGINNING TO DOUBT
YOUR OWN CONVICTIONS.
THEN AGAIN,
WHO COULD BLAME YOU?
IF I FAILED MY FATHER,
I'D BE INSECURE ALSO.
[GROWLING]
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S GONNA FAIL!
AND DEEP DOWN,
I THINK YOU KNOW IT.
YA SEE, WHEN YOU
LOOKED IN MY EYES,
YOU SAW A REFLECTION
OF YOURSELF.
I'M ON TO YOU, DUDE.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S AFRAID!
WRONG AGAIN.
I ALREADY KNOW
THE OUTCOME,
THANKS TO ONE
SIMPLE WORD--DESTINY.
FACE THE FACTS!
SOME THINGS IN
THIS WORLD CAN'T
BE PREDICTED!
SPOKEN LIKE
A TRUE FOOL!
OH, YEAH? WELL,
IF YOU KNOW SO MUCH
ABOUT THE FUTURE,
THEN I'M SURE
YOU CAN SEE
THAT THIS FOOL'S
NOT GIVING UP.
FINE. THEN GO.
Aster, thinking:
ALL RIGHT.
I'VE GOT ONE DRAW
LEFT BEFORE I'M TOAST,
SO I'D BETTER MAKE
THIS COUNT!
THIS IS FOR MY FRIEND!
I PLAY DOCTOR D!
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS CHOOSE A DESTINY HERO
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVE IT
FROM THE GAME!
THEN I CAN PICK ANOTHER
ONE FROM MY GRAVE
AND SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD!
I CHOOSE DESTINY HERO--
DISK COMMANDER!
AND THAT'S NOT ALL.
WHENEVER MY MAN IS SUMMONED
FROM THE GRAVEYARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW TWO MORE
BAD BOYS FROM MY DECK!
AND NEXT I SUMMON
MY DOOM LORD!
AND AS YOU
MIGHT'VE GUESSED,
HE'S NOT HERE
TO SPREAD GOODWILL.
HE'S HERE
TO SPREAD DOOM!
NOT TO WORRY.
YOU'LL SEE HIM AGAIN
IN TWO TURNS.
YOU LOOK
PRETTY SURPRISED
FOR SOMEONE
WHO KNOWS EVERYTHING
ABOUT THE FUTURE!
GOOD ONE.
YOU TELL HIM!
NEXT IT'S TIME FOR
A LITTLE SPELL ACTION
WITH MY D-FORMATION!
NOW WHEN YOU DESTROY
A DESTINY HERO,
LET'S JUST SAY
THERE'LL BE A PRICE.
SO JUST TRY!
LET'S SEE HOW CONFIDENT
YOU REALLY ARE!
WAY TO PLAY!
SHOW THAT
CARNIVAL FREAK WHO'S BOSS!
THIS IS GETTING GOOD!
IS THIS YOUR
BIG PLAN, ASTER?
I SHOULD HOPE NOT.
A FEW MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE,
SOME WEAK SPELL CARDS?
YOU CAN'T EXPECT TO SAVE
THE WORLD WITH THAT!
JUST GIVE IN.
IF YOU REALLY WANT
TO HELP YOUR PEOPLE,
THEN GIVE ME THE KEY SO
I CAN SHOW THEM THE LIGHT!
AND THEN, THERE'S
CHOICE "B"--
FIGHT ME AND FAIL AGAIN.
[CHUCKLING]
ALL RIGHT.
I SEE YOU HAVE A THING
FOR FAILURE.
SO LET US CONTINUE.
READY TO LOSE AND SUFFER?
FIRST I ACTIVATE
NECRO SACRIFICE!
SO THAT MEANS TWO MONSTERS
APPEAR ON YOUR SIDE,
BUT DON'T GET TOO EXCITED
BECAUSE THERE'S A DOWNSIDE.
ONCE I REMOVE
THESE TWO MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON ONE
THAT'S EVEN MORE POWERFUL
TO MY SIDE OF THE FIELD!
SO I THINK I'LL GIVE YOU
MY EMPRESS AND EMPEROR.
AND BECAUSE I'M NICE,
YOU CAN CHOOSE THEIR MODE.
FINE. DEFENSE MODE!
[CHUCKLING]
HOW BORING,
BUT I'M NOT SURPRISED.
IF THEY'RE HEADS UP,
I GET THEIR ABILITIES,
BUT WHAT IF THEY'RE
UPSIDE DOWN?
YOU'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT!
COME ON!
CAN'T YOU SEE?
IT'S YOUR DESTINY
TO FAIL, ASTER.
SINCE THE EMPRESS
IS UPSIDE DOWN,
EACH TIME A MONSTER
IS SUMMONED TO MY SIDE,
ONE OF YOUR CARDS
GOES TO THE GRAVEYARD.
BUT, THERE'S MORE.
JUST LOOK.
THE EMPEROR IS
UPSIDE DOWN AS WELL.
THEREFORE, BOTH OF
YOUR NEW MONSTERS
BECOME 500
ATTACK POINTS WEAKER.
HE CAN'T CATCH A BREAK!
THIS IS JUST
PLUM RIDICULOUS!
TALK ABOUT BAD LUCK!
[GROWLING]
AND NOW IT'S TIME
YOU MET
THE NEWEST
ADDITION TO MY ARSENAL,
FOR I CAN FINALLY
SUMMON THIS CARD--
MY ARCANA FORCE XV!
THE FIEND!
THAT CARD.
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TELL YOU,
BUT YOU'RE NOT
GONNA LIKE THIS.
IT SEEMS
THE PERSON
THAT YOU'RE GOING
TO SAVE IS ME.
I TOOK A LOOK
AT MY FUTURE,
AND IT LOOKS BLEAK.
MY DESTINY IS FILLED
WITH TEMPTATION
AND EVIL.
AND SOMEDAY,
I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO RESCUE ME!
Aster, thinking:
THE FIEND CARD THAT
SARTORIUS JUST PLAYED
REPRESENTS THE EVIL
THAT'S CONTROLLING HIM!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
NOW, DON'T FORGET,
BECAUSE OF THE EMPRESS,
YOU MUST SEND A CARD
TO THE GRAVE.
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT FATE
HAS IN STORE.
[GROWLING]
IT'S UPRIGHT!
WHO COULD'VE
PREDICTED THAT?
OH, WAIT. ME!
[LAUGHING]
DID I MENTION
HIS ABILITY?
WHEN MY FIEND
ATTACKS YOU,
ANOTHER MONSTER ON YOUR
FIELD IS DESTROYED!
AND THEN, THE PLAYER
WHO CONTROLLED THE MONSTER
LOSES 500 POINTS!
ONCE A FAILURE,
ALWAYS A FAILURE.
LOOK! SEE, GUYS?
ONE OF ASTER'S Ds LIT UP!
HAVE I TAUGHT YOU
NOTHING?
EVERY EVENT IN OUR
LIVES IS PREDETERMINED!
TRYING TO CHANGE
DESTINY IS POINTLESS!
THAT KEY IS MEANT
TO BE MINE,
ALONG WITH
YOUR WHOLE PLANET.
ASTER, WHY DO YOU THINK
YOUR FATHER CREATED THAT CARD?
BECAUSE HE
WAS DESTINED TO,
SO I COULD USE IT
TO REBUILD PLANET EARTH
WITH THE POWER OF LIGHT!
NOW HAND IT OVER.
YOU CAN'T!
Aster, thinking:
MAYBE HE'S RIGHT.
MAYBE THIS WAS ALL
JUST MEANT TO BE,
AND FIGHTING DESTINY
IS POINTLESS!
HEY, I'M STUCK!
YEAH, ME, TOO!
AND ME, THREE!
HE MUST HAVE US IN
A KUNG-FU MIND GRIP!
Jaden: ASTER, REMEMBER
YOUR PROMISE!
SARTORIUS?
THERE YOU ARE!
IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT?
[GROWLING]
AAH!
SARTORIUS?
[CHUCKLING]
ASTER, I TOLD YOU,
SARTORIUS IS GONE.
HIS BODY IS SIMPLY A HOST
FOR THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION!
[CHUCKLING]
Sartorius and Aster:
WRONG! I'M RIGHT HERE!
WHA--WHO'S THERE?
AH! AH...
SURPRISE! IT'S ME!
BUT HOW?
I DESTROYED YOU!
GUESS AGAIN!
I SACRIFICE
DISK COMMANDER TO SUMMON
DESTINY HERO DASHER.
NOW FOR HIS
SPECIAL EFFECT!
BY SACRIFICING
A MONSTER,
DASHER GETS 1,000
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS!
NOW TAKE OUT
HIS FIEND WITH
PYRO-ELECTRIC SHOCK!
AND AFTER DASHER
ATTACKS, HE SWITCHES
TO DEFENSE MODE!
SO MUCH FOR DESTINY!
YOU READY, OLD PAL?
Sartorius: ASTER...
I NEED YOU
TO CONCENTRATE.
IS THIS SOME KIND OF
DREAM OR SOMETHING?
WHEN I WAS DUELING,
I COULD HAVE SWORN
I FELT YOU HELPING ME.
IT'S TRUE, ASTER.
I'VE BEEN WITH YOU
FOR SOME TIME NOW.
SO, WHAT DO WE DO?
AND, WHERE EXACTLY ARE
WE ANYWAY?
THIS PLACE IS MERELY
A LOST MEMORY.
OF WHAT?
OF THE DAY YOU
AND I MET FOR
THE FIRST TIME.
HERE, DEEP IN
YOUR SUBCONSCIOUS,
THE LIGHT OF
DESTRUCTION IS
UNABLE TO REACH US.
YOU'VE SAVED ME
IN MORE WAYS
THAN ONE, ASTER.
WHEN I WAS YOUNG,
MY SISTER AND I WERE
CONSIDERED OUTCASTS.
NO ONE WOULD
EVEN LOOK AT US,
LET ALONE
BEFRIEND US.
WE LIVED
ON THE STREETS
AND WERE TREATED
LIKE CRIMINALS.
BUT ALL WE REALLY
NEEDED WAS A HOME.
I HAD A GIFT FOR
SEEING THE FUTURE,
AND I KNEW
WE WOULD BE SAVED.
AND THEN, JUST AS
I HAD PREDICTED,
SARINA AND I
WERE LUCKY ENOUGH
TO FIND YOU.
YOU WERE
MY ONLY FRIEND,
AND SO I TOLD YOU
MY DARKEST SECRET--
THAT ONE DAY,
I WOULD BE
CORRUPTED BY EVIL.
BUT I'M HERE TO SAVE YOU.
I KNOW.
DON'T TELL ME
YOU FEEL GUILTY,
'CAUSE YOU'VE HELPED ME
OUT A MILLION TIMES.
TAKE MY DUELING!
YOU GAVE ME THE COURAGE
I NEEDED TO BE A PRO!
YOU TAUGHT ME TO BELIEVE
IN MY DECK...
AND MYSELF.
SO I GUESS, IN A WAY,
YOU KIND OF
RESCUED ME, ALSO.
I DID?
YOU BET!
I WOULDN'T BE WHERE I AM
IF IT WEREN'T FOR YOU.
SO WIPE OFF THAT FROWN.
COME ON.
LET'S SHOW 'EM WHAT
A LITTLE TEAMWORK CAN DO!
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT WHAT IF THE LIGHT
IS TOO STRONG?
IF WE LOSE, I COULD
NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF.
YOU ONCE THOUGHT
I COULD BEAT DESTINY.
WHAT DO YA SAY WE PUT
THAT THEORY TO THE TEST?
WELL, PAL, YOU IN?
I'M IN.
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
[DISTORTED VOICE]
YOU'VE JUST TAKEN ANOTHER
STEP TOWARDS THE LIGHT!
SARTORIUS?
[LAUGHING]
THAT COWARD IS NOT HERE!
MY MOVE!
AND, SO, I PLAY THIS--
MY REVERSE REBORN SPELL!
NOW I CAN CHOOSE
ANY ARCANA FORCE MONSTER
THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN I CAN SUMMON
IT TO THE FIELD!
NOW, WHO SHALL I PICK?
HOW ABOUT YOUR OLD FRIEND,
ARCANA FORCE XV,
THE FIEND?
AGAIN?
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
[GASPING]
NOW WHEN IT ATTACKS,
EVERY MONSTER ON
THE FIELD IS DESTROYED!
YOU CAN'T!
I DISAGREE!
I'LL END MY TURN
BY PLACING THIS FACE-DOWN.
TELL ME, ASTER,
THAT LOST SOUL THAT
HIDES IN YOUR MIND,
IS HE PLANNING ON
STOPPING BY?
IF SO, TELL HIM HIS BODY'S
STAYING HERE WITH ME,
FOR ALL ETERNITY!
HIDING INSIDE A MEMORY?
HOW CREATIVE.
THERE'S JUST
ONE PROBLEM--
YOUR BRAIN BELONGS
TO ME NOW,
AS DO YOUR THOUGHTS.
THERE'S NO ESCAPE!
SO, JUST JOIN ME,
AND THIS WORLD
WILL BE OURS!
DON'T LISTEN TO A WORD
HE SAYS!
HE'S EVIL.
AND WHEN WE WIN, YOU'LL GET
YOUR BODY BACK FROM HIM.
BUT UNTIL THEN,
STAY RIGHT HERE.
MY MIND WILL KEEP YOU
SAFE FROM THE LIGHT.
BUT HOW?
TRUST ME! IF YOU STICK WITH
ME, WE CAN DEFEAT DESTINY!
I TRUST YOU.
NOW, LET'S FIGHT.
SO BE IT!
Sartorius, thinking:
ONCE I UNLEASH THIS,
THAT SPINELESS FOOL WILL
REGRET TAKING ASTER'S SIDE.
Together: OUR MOVE!
OOH, BOY! ANYONE HAVE
A CLUE WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
UH, THAT'S A NEGATIVE.
JUST WATCH.
Sartorius: BEFORE YOU
GET CARRIED AWAY,
REMEMBER THAT TWO ROUNDS
AGO, YOU SENT MY MONSTER
INTO THE FUTURE.
WELL, IT SEEMS
THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED!
SO, COME BACK, ARCANA
FORCE XXI--THE WORLD!
OH, GREAT.
WELL, THERE GOES
THE NEIGHBORHOOD!
Aster: YOU MAY HAVE
THE WORLD, BUT I'VE GOT
D CUBIC IN ATTACK MODE!
AND SINCE YOU DESTROYED
TWO OF MY HEROES,
I CAN ACTIVATE
MY D FORMATION!
NOW ALL I HAVE
TO DO IS SEND
THIS SPELL CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND I CAN TAKE TWO
D CUBICS FROM MY DECK
AND ADD THEM TO MY HAND!
AND NOW, I'LL ACTIVATE
THEIR SPECIAL ABILITY!
IF I SACRIFICE ONE
OF MY D CUBICS,
IT COUNTS
AS TWO SACRIFICES.
AND IF I SACRIFICE TWO OF
THEM, IT COUNTS AS THREE!
SO, I'M TOSSING THEM ALL OUT!
THEN THAT COUNTS
AS FOUR!
YOU'RE A REGULAR
MATHEMATICIAN,
AREN'T YOU?
WITH FOUR SACRIFICES,
I CAN SUMMON THE CARD
THAT WAS STOLEN
FROM MY DAD!
Jaden:
NO WAY!
MY NEW PAL--
THE UNSTOPPABLE
DESTINY HERO PLASMA!
AH!
IMPOSSIBLE!
I'M AFRAID IT'S TRUE!
PLASMA'S BACK
WHERE IT BELONGS!
WHAT AN APPROPRIATE END!
THE CARD
THAT BROUGHT YOU HERE
IS THE SAME ONE THAT'S
GONNA SEND YOU BACK
WHERE YOU CAME FROM.
[SARTORIUS LAUGHING]
Sartorius: THAT CARD IS
NOTHING BUT AN EMPTY SHELL!
I HAVE A NEW HOME IN
THE BODY OF YOUR FRIEND!
DON'T MAKE YOURSELF
TOO COMFORTABLE,
'CAUSE YOU WON'T BE
THERE FOR LONG
ONCE I DO THIS!
I ACTIVATE PLASMA'S
SPECIAL EFFECT
SO I CAN STEAL HALF
THE ATTACK POINTS OF
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS!
AND I THINK I'LL
CHOOSE THE WORLD!
AH!
BY THE WAY,
I HAVE ANOTHER CARD
THAT BELONGED
TO MY DAD, TOO,
D-FORCE!
SO AS LONG AS
THIS SPELL CARD STAYS
FACE-UP ON MY DECK,
MY DESTINY HERO PLASMA'S
SPECIAL EFFECT STAYS ACTIVE!
BUT, THE SPECIAL
ABILITIES OF YOUR
MONSTERS DON'T!
THE ONLY DOWNSIDE
IS THAT I CAN'T DRAW
ANY MORE CARDS.
BUT THANKS TO PLASMA
AND D-FORCE,
I DON'T NEED ANY!
OH, YEAH.
AND I HOPE YOU
DIDN'T PLAN ON USING
ANY SPELLS OR TRAPS,
'CAUSE THEY'RE USELESS
AGAINST ME, TOO!
[GROWLING]
Syrus: ASTER'S GOT
THE UPPER-HAND!
Jaden: WITH A CARD
LIKE PLASMA,
HOW COULD HE NOT?
Aster: NOW, PLASMA, ATTACK
HIS LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY...
WITH VENGEFUL REIGN!
YOUR ATTACK IS CANCELED,
THANKS TO MY TEMPERANCE!
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS PLACE
IT IN MY GRAVEYARD!
[THUNDER CRASHING]
OH, NO!
RELAX, DUDE.
I'VE GOT A PLAN.
I REMOVE D-BURST
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL EFFECT!
NOW I CAN CHOOSE
ANY MONSTER ON
MY SIDE OF THE FIELD
AND DECREASE
ITS ATTACK POINTS
BY 1,000!
AFTER THAT, IT GETS
TO ATTACK TWICE!
IT WHAT?
READY, PLASMA?
ATTACK HIM AGAIN!
Together:
WITH VENGEFUL REIGN!
YEAH!
THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKIN' ABOUT!
NOW FOR MY FINAL MOVE!
I'LL START BY ACTIVATING
THE MATERIAL LORD
AND THE SPIRITUAL LORD.
[GASPING]
THEN I'LL ADD
THE SKY LORD!
THE TIME HAS COME
TO SEE THE LIGHT.
DIDN'T I TELL YOU,
YOU CAN'T RUN AWAY
FROM YOUR DESTINY?
WELL, BEHOLD THE FATE OF
THE ENTIRE HUMAN RACE!
I SACRIFICE
MY THREE LORD PILLARS
TO SUMMON THE MOST POWERFUL
CREATURE IN MY DECK!
ARCANA FORCE EXTRA--
THE LIGHT RULER!
NO WAY!
BY THE POWER OF LIGHT,
YOU SHALL BE REBORN!
ASTER,
STAY STRONG!
THIS GAME
IS ON!
[CHUCKLING]
THANKS A LOT, BRO,
BUT I'M DONE!
THIS BATTLE IS
IN YOUR HANDS NOW!
GOOD LUCK, JAY!
ASTER!
TOUCHING.
BUT HE'LL JOIN
YOU SOON ENOUGH...
ALONG WITH
THE REST OF THE WORLD!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
THIS IS IT.
FAREWELL.
CHECK IT OUT.
HE'S WHITE
AS A GHOST!
ASTER, PLEASE TELL
ME YOU'RE ALL RIGHT!
[SARTORIUS
LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
♪♪
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪